first release (#6)
fiboa/ai-ecosystem-extension: README.md

- [ ] Collection
- [x] Feature Properties

| Property Name    | Type   | Description |
| ---------------- | ------ | ----------- |
| ml:boundary_type | string | **REQUIRED**. whether the boundary is for a field, ownership parcel, hedge, or other boundary |
| ml:creation_date | date   | **REQUIRED**. Date collection was created or published |
| ml:verified_from | date   | **REQUIRED**. the first date for which the boundary is verified to be present on ground (e.g. through ground-truth or remote sensing image verification) |
| ml:author        | string | **REQUIRED**. Name of individual or organization who created this. |
| ml:country_code  | string | **REQUIRED**. ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 country code. Three-letter country code for the country that contains the field, e.g. `SDN` for Sudan. Can be found at <https://www.iso.org/obp/ui/#search> under the Alpha-3 code column. |
| ml:admin1        | string | **REQUIRED**. Modified ISO 3166-2 codes for identifying the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of a country (i.e. admin1) that contains the field. The feature only contains the second part of the ISO 3166-2 code, to reduce redundancy. |

> | ml:admin2        | string | A unique admin2 (county) name for the administrative region that contains the field. The feature contains the last part of the HASC 2 codes. |

Author: A link to the documentation around HASC2 codes would be good.

Reviewer: On it!

*Note: Country Code, admin1 and admin2 could be derived from [GADM boundaries](https://geodata.ucdavis.edu/gadm/).*

> 

Author: ```suggestion

Additionally, the following properties from the core specification from the
[core specification](https://github.com/fiboa/specification/blob/main/core/README.md)
are relevant for AI usecases:

| Property Name   | Type   | Description |
| --------------- | ------ | ----------- |
| determination_method | string | **REQUIRED**. The boundary creation method |
| determination_datetime | string |  **REQUIRED**. The first date for which the boundary is verified to be present on ground |

For more details and the full specification of these fields, please see the [determination properties defined in core specification](https://github.com/fiboa/specification/blob/main/core/README.md#determination-properties).

```

| Property Name   | Type   | Description |
| --------------- | ------ | ----------- |

> | ml:boundary_type | string | **REQUIRED**. whether the boundary is for a field, ownership parcel, hedge, or other boundary |

Author: Is this meant to be an enum?

Reviewer: I believe so yes, but I don't think we agreed yet on what the enum values will be. If everybody agrees on the values listed above, I can change it to enum.

> | ml:creation_date | datetime  | **REQUIRED**.[Auto-added] Date collection was created or published |

Author: The [Auto-added] is confusing. What does it mean? This should probably be removed?

Same applies for other fields below.

Reviewer: We assumed there could possibly be an automated process in using the extension or formatting the data into the fiboa format, but I do think it is better to remove it.

Author: Agreed, do you remove it?

Reviewer: I did, just haven't committed it yet. Will do so very shortly.

> | ml:verified_from | datetime | **REQUIRED**. the first date for which the boundary is verified to be present on ground (e.g. through ground-truth or remote sensing image verification) |

Author: The data type says datetime, but the description only date. What is meant here?

Reviewer: It was supposed to be date – what's the right format for JSON? is it `date` or `Date`?

Author: JSON is irrelevant here, we use fiboa Schema data types:
https://github.com/fiboa/schema/blob/main/datatypes.md

So it's `date` for day, month, year (JSON encoding: "YYYY-MM-DD") and `datetime` for anything that's more fine-granular.

You actually may also want to watch the tutorial from today:
https://github.com/fiboa/tutorials/tree/main/create-extension

Reviewer: Got it, thank you!

| ml:author | string | **REQUIRED**. Name of individual or organization who created this |

> | ml:country_code | string | **REQUIRED**. [Auto-added] three-letter country code for the country that contains the field, e.g. SDN; Can be found <https://www.iso.org/obp/ui/#search> under the Alpha-3 code column |

Author: ```suggestion
| ml:country_code | string | **REQUIRED**. ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 country code. Three-letter country code for the country that contains the field, e.g. `SDN` for Sudan. Can be found at <https://www.iso.org/obp/ui/#search> under the Alpha-3 code column. |
```

> | ml:admin1 | string | **REQUIRED**. [Auto-added] a unique admin1 (state) name for the administrative region that contains the field - can auto-generate from [GADM boundaries](https://geodata.ucdavis.edu/gadm/) |

Author: ```suggestion
| ml:admin1 | string | **REQUIRED**. ISO 3166-2 codes for identifying the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of a country (i.e. admin1) that contains the field. |
```

> | ml:admin2 | string | **REQUIRED**. a unique admin2 (county) name for the administrative region that contains the field - can auto-generate from [GADM boundaries](https://geodata.ucdavis.edu/gadm/) |

Author: ```suggestion
| ml:admin2 | string | **REQUIRED**. A unique admin2 (county) name for the administrative region that contains the field. It is meant to be a modified HASC-2 Code for counties/municipalities based on the ISO 3166-2 codes and separated from them with a `-`. |
```

That's how I understood the changelog.

> 

Author: ```suggestion

*Note: Country Code, admin1 and admin2 could be derived from [GADM boundaries](https://geodata.ucdavis.edu/gadm/).*

```
